I fought for nothing, I ginger, I Liu family
My Zhou family and my Wang family broke off the marriage
Married now
What do you mean by the disaster of reincarnation cause and effect?
Where is it? Why don't I see it?
I didn't hear it either.
I didn't smell it either.
I can smell your poverty
What's going on?
It was clear just now
Did it change to a god empty-handed?
Since you are determined to break off the marriage
There's one more thing.
Let's return it together.
Don't worry, at today's Zhu Lin banquet
Your family will definitely break off the marriage
Zhu Lin Banquet
What are you going to do?
The big lie will be solved one day
The world says that it is difficult for me to save the nine clans
It is because of your unicorn luck that you have achieved today
Then my nine clans are a feast
Cut off this unicorn
After the banquet
rumor cracking
Then the world will know
The rise of the nine ethnic groups in our southern province depends on our own
And you
Your hypocritical liar will be exposed by others
Let the whole world see your ugly mouth
This marriage is good
Very well. What did you say?